STEM has lots of jobs. Do you need to be good at science or math or another
difficult school class to be good at it? Well it depends on what
you want to do. If you're looking at going into NASA, the physicists
there they know their stuff very well, they're trained for, they
have lots of experience with it. So the answer for them is yes. However,
I think that almost every single one of them had to start from
somewhere and that somewhere wasn't very, wasn't extremely difficult.
Yes there are some geniuses at NASA. Yes there will be some geniuses
wherever you work, if you're in the STEM field. However, most of
them are just like you and me. Most of them were pretty bright in high
school, they tried, they know how to study, they know how to open
a book and read, and most of it is boring to them. Some of it it's
not. Some of it is interesting and as long as you have that interest,
that passage to do what every job you're doing, well then the intelligence
will come later on. You'll have enough people around you to
guide you in the right direction, to kind of fill in your gaps of
knowledge, and I think it just takes time rather than a strong math
skill and science skill to get to where you're going.